ARCH-1690 - Adding a test job to the build-and-review-pr.yml (#19)
im-open/composite-action-template: README.md

If changes are made to the action's [source code], the [usage examples] section of this file should be updated with the next version of the action.  Each instance of this action should be updated.  This helps users know what the latest tag is without having to navigate to the Tags page of the repository.  See [Incrementing the Version] for details on how to determine what the next version will be or consult the first workflow run for the PR which will also calculate the next version.

### Tests

> The build and review PR workflow includes tests which are linked to a status check that needs to succeed before a PR is merged to the default branch.  When a PR comes from a branch there should not be any issues running the tests.  When a PR comes from a fork, tests may not have the required permissions or access to run since the `GITHUB_TOKEN` only has `read` access set for all scopes and fork's cannot access other secrets in the repository.  In these scenarios, a fork may need to be merged into an intermediate branch by the repository owners to ensure the tests run successfully prior to a merge to the default branch.

Reviewer: Breaking up some of the sentences helped me understand it better.
```suggestion
The build and review PR workflow includes tests which are linked to a status check. That status check needs to succeed before a PR is merged to the default branch.  When a PR comes from a branch, there should not be any issues running the tests. When a PR comes from a fork, tests may not have the required permissions or access to run since the `GITHUB_TOKEN` only has `read` access set for all scopes. Also, forks cannot access other secrets in the repository.  In these scenarios, a fork may need to be merged into an intermediate branch by the repository owners to ensure the tests run successfully prior to merging to the default branch.
```
